Product of count of bits of each element in array is added (#325)
TesseractCoding/NeoAlgo-Docs: docs/mathematics/product-of-count-of-bits-of-each-elements.mdx

---
title: Product of count of bits of each element in array
slug: /mathematics/product-of-count-of-bits-of-each-elements
---

## Introduction

> In this article, we will see how to calculate product of count of bits of each element present in array. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this article, we will see how to calculate the product of the count of bits of each element present in the array.  
```

> ## Explanation 

Reviewer 2: Add a line break after this.

> In this we are given an array. We have to calculate the product of bits of each element present in array for that first we have to calculate the number of bits in each element then simply multiply them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this, we are given an array. We have to calculate the product of bits of each element present in the array so first, we have to calculate the number of bits in each element then simply multiply them.
```

> #### Example 1

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Example :
```
